---
layout: default
title: About Me
---

I love building things. Doesn't matter what the medium: software,
electronics, wood, metal, plastic. I love taking an idea + raw
materials and turning them into something! In school, I couldn't
decide between Computer Science or Electrical Engineering, so I did
both. Since then, I've mostly focused on software development, but
recently I've gotten back into hardware.

Diversity is the spice of life. When I'm not building things, I'm
spending time outdoors. To keep our brains and bodies exercised and
happy, my dog and I do
[Agility](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dog_agility) every week. When I
really need to recharge, I'll go backcountry camping for a night or
two; there's something really satisfying about loading up a bag with
everything you need to be self-sufficient for a while, tying up your
shoes, and wandering off into the forest. For a new adventure, a
friend and I went off and cross-country skied into a campsite for a
night this winter.

To pay the bills, I help people to bring their ideas into reality.
Professionally, this has been mostly focused on web and mobile apps,
until I recently started diving back into systems-level development
and rediscovered the joy that that brings me. This led me back to
hardware development, where I apply concepts that are common in the
web, mobile, and desktop space (e.g. unit testing) to low-level
firmware-style development. 

If you've got a project that you think might be a good fit, send me an
email at <b>t.arkles [at] gmail.com</b>.




